gh-132527: Added missing `w` typecode to array() error message (#132529)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-04-14-23-00-00.gh-issue-132527.kTi8T7.rst

> Added the missing 'w' typecode to the error message which is issued by
> array.array() if used with an unknown typecode like array('x').

Reviewer: The news entry could be a bit more concise. How about this?
```suggestion
Improve the error message when an invalid typecode is passed to :class:`array.array`.
```

Reviewer 2: See my alternative below.

> Added the missing 'w' typecode to the error message which is issued by
> array.array() if used with an unknown typecode like array('x').

Reviewer 2: 3rd suggestion: succinct but includes the previously missing information.
```suggestion
Include valid typecode 'w' in the error message when an invalid typecode is passed to :class:`array.array`.
```

Author: I think, I prefer this one. It has this nice class reference and is more detailled about the missing typecode.
